Fix formatting issues with CSL styles (#16398)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where italic and bold citation styles are not properly generated. [#16379](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16379)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue in the LibreOffice integration where citations generated via CSL styles were not properly formatted. [#16379](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16379)
```

> - We fixed an issue where generating bibliography or inserting citations make superscript citations smaller and smaller. [#16351](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16351)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue in the LibreOffice integration where generating bibliography or inserting citations made superscript citations smaller and smaller. [#16351](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16351)
```
